README.md, before:

# Algorithm-Data-Structure
A collection questions to ace the coding interview in (Codeforces, Leetcode, Neetcode)! 
<!---LeetCode Topics Start-->
# LeetCode Topics
## Array
|  |
| ------- |
| [0001-two-sum](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/0001-two-sum) |
| [0051-n-queens](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/0051-n-queens) |
| [0952-word-subsets](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/0952-word-subsets) |
| [1524-string-matching-in-an-array](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/1524-string-matching-in-an-array) |
| [2292-counting-words-with-a-given-prefix](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/2292-counting-words-with-a-given-prefix) |
| [3309-count-prefix-and-suffix-pairs-i](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/3309-count-prefix-and-suffix-pairs-i) |
## Hash Table
|  |
| ------- |
| [0001-two-sum](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/0001-two-sum) |
| [0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters) |
| [0952-word-subsets](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/0952-word-subsets) |
| [1502-construct-k-palindrome-strings](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/1502-construct-k-palindrome-strings) |
## Linked List
|  |
| ------- |
| [0002-add-two-numbers](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/0002-add-two-numbers) |
## Math
|  |
| ------- |
| [0002-add-two-numbers](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/0002-add-two-numbers) |
| [0009-palindrome-number](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/0009-palindrome-number) |
## Recursion
|  |
| ------- |
| [0002-add-two-numbers](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/0002-add-two-numbers) |
## String
|  |
| ------- |
| [0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters) |
| [0952-word-subsets](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/0952-word-subsets) |
| [1502-construct-k-palindrome-strings](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/1502-construct-k-palindrome-strings) |
| [1524-string-matching-in-an-array](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/1524-string-matching-in-an-array) |
| [2292-counting-words-with-a-given-prefix](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/2292-counting-words-with-a-given-prefix) |
| [3309-count-prefix-and-suffix-pairs-i](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/3309-count-prefix-and-suffix-pairs-i) |
## String Matching
|  |
| ------- |
| [1524-string-matching-in-an-array](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/1524-string-matching-in-an-array) |
| [2292-counting-words-with-a-given-prefix](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/2292-counting-words-with-a-given-prefix) |
| [3309-count-prefix-and-suffix-pairs-i](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/3309-count-prefix-and-suffix-pairs-i) |
## Trie
|  |
| ------- |
| [3309-count-prefix-and-suffix-pairs-i](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/3309-count-prefix-and-suffix-pairs-i) |
## Rolling Hash
|  |
| ------- |
| [3309-count-prefix-and-suffix-pairs-i](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/3309-count-prefix-and-suffix-pairs-i) |
## Hash Function
|  |
| ------- |
| [3309-count-prefix-and-suffix-pairs-i](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/3309-count-prefix-and-suffix-pairs-i) |
## Sliding Window
|  |
| ------- |
| [0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters) |
## Greedy
|  |
| ------- |
| [1502-construct-k-palindrome-strings](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/1502-construct-k-palindrome-strings) |
## Counting
|  |
| ------- |
| [1502-construct-k-palindrome-strings](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/1502-construct-k-palindrome-strings) |
## Backtracking
|  |
| ------- |
| [0051-n-queens](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/0051-n-queens) |
<!---LeetCode Topics End-->

Commit message:

2533-BITWISE-XOR-OF-ALL-PAIRINGS Stats: Time: 2 ms (66.67%), Space: 61.9 MB (44.44%) - LeetHub

README.md, after:

# Algorithm-Data-Structure
A collection questions to ace the coding interview in (Codeforces, Leetcode, Neetcode)! 
<!---LeetCode Topics Start-->
# LeetCode Topics
## Array
|  |
| ------- |
| [0001-two-sum](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/0001-two-sum) |
| [0051-n-queens](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/0051-n-queens) |
| [0952-word-subsets](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/0952-word-subsets) |
| [1524-string-matching-in-an-array](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/1524-string-matching-in-an-array) |
| [2292-counting-words-with-a-given-prefix](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/2292-counting-words-with-a-given-prefix) |
| [2533-bitwise-xor-of-all-pairings](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/2533-bitwise-xor-of-all-pairings) |
| [3309-count-prefix-and-suffix-pairs-i](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/3309-count-prefix-and-suffix-pairs-i) |
## Hash Table
|  |
| ------- |
| [0001-two-sum](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/0001-two-sum) |
| [0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters) |
| [0952-word-subsets](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/0952-word-subsets) |
| [1502-construct-k-palindrome-strings](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/1502-construct-k-palindrome-strings) |
## Linked List
|  |
| ------- |
| [0002-add-two-numbers](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/0002-add-two-numbers) |
## Math
|  |
| ------- |
| [0002-add-two-numbers](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/0002-add-two-numbers) |
| [0009-palindrome-number](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/0009-palindrome-number) |
## Recursion
|  |
| ------- |
| [0002-add-two-numbers](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/0002-add-two-numbers) |
## String
|  |
| ------- |
| [0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters) |
| [0952-word-subsets](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/0952-word-subsets) |
| [1502-construct-k-palindrome-strings](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/1502-construct-k-palindrome-strings) |
| [1524-string-matching-in-an-array](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/1524-string-matching-in-an-array) |
| [2292-counting-words-with-a-given-prefix](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/2292-counting-words-with-a-given-prefix) |
| [3309-count-prefix-and-suffix-pairs-i](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/3309-count-prefix-and-suffix-pairs-i) |
## String Matching
|  |
| ------- |
| [1524-string-matching-in-an-array](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/1524-string-matching-in-an-array) |
| [2292-counting-words-with-a-given-prefix](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/2292-counting-words-with-a-given-prefix) |
| [3309-count-prefix-and-suffix-pairs-i](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/3309-count-prefix-and-suffix-pairs-i) |
## Trie
|  |
| ------- |
| [3309-count-prefix-and-suffix-pairs-i](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/3309-count-prefix-and-suffix-pairs-i) |
## Rolling Hash
|  |
| ------- |
| [3309-count-prefix-and-suffix-pairs-i](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/3309-count-prefix-and-suffix-pairs-i) |
## Hash Function
|  |
| ------- |
| [3309-count-prefix-and-suffix-pairs-i](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/3309-count-prefix-and-suffix-pairs-i) |
## Sliding Window
|  |
| ------- |
| [0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters) |
## Greedy
|  |
| ------- |
| [1502-construct-k-palindrome-strings](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/1502-construct-k-palindrome-strings) |
## Counting
|  |
| ------- |
| [1502-construct-k-palindrome-strings](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/1502-construct-k-palindrome-strings) |
## Backtracking
|  |
| ------- |
| [0051-n-queens](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/0051-n-queens) |
## Bit Manipulation
|  |
| ------- |
| [2533-bitwise-xor-of-all-pairings](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/2533-bitwise-xor-of-all-pairings) |
## Brainteaser
|  |
| ------- |
| [2533-bitwise-xor-of-all-pairings](https://github.com/mostafa20021212/Algorithm-Data-Structure/tree/master/2533-bitwise-xor-of-all-pairings) |
<!---LeetCode Topics End-->
